<h1 style="color:Crimson;">School Shootings</h1>

April 16, 2007. Virginia Tech Shooting. Seung-Hui Cho killed thirty-two students and faculty members and then committed suicide. December 14, 2012. Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting.Adam Lanza killed twenty-seven people and himself. Those are two of the deadliest school shootings in the United States. Boh killers were in their early 20's. According to Sen. Chris Murphy, most school killers are 18-19 years old which means just out of highschool and fresh into adulthood. Most killers are, mentally, not okay. Obviously. But to be ' not okay ' you have to have some sort of trauma, right?

<h3> Seung-Hui Cho</h3>
When Seung was 8 years old his family immigrated from South Korea to the United States where they ran a dry cleaning business. Cho was picked on by other students at a young age, his college professors also described him as a troubled loner. Cho stood out as a near-silent loner who wrote gruesome poems, stories and plays. Professor Nikki Giovanni, had him removed from her class for disturbing the other students. She told TIME magazine that "there was something mean about this boy." She said that he was "a bully" and always came to class wearing sunglasses and a hat, which she would always ask him to remove. Cho was also photographing the legs and knees of female students in the class.in 2005 he was accused of stalking female students twice, but no victim filed charges against him. He was admitted into a psychiatric hospital in december of 2005 because of a suicidal statement Cho said to a suitemate, he was released with orders to receive therapy as an outpatient. Only 2 years later is when he went on his killing rampage, killing 2 students in a dorm room, then killing 32 people and injuring many others inside the building. The killing spree ended when he turned the gun on himself commiting suicide. In between the two sets of attacks, Cho went to the post office to mail a package to NBC News in New York. Received two days after the murders, it contained video clips, photographs of Cho posing with his weapons, and a rambling document. In one of the video clips, he rails against rich "brats," and talks about being bullied and picked on; he also attacks Christianity and positions himself as some type of avenger for the weak and defenseless. Cho even referenced the notorious Columbine school shooters, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold.

<h3> Adam Lanza</h3>
Adam was known to be shy, quiet, and with-drawn, and seemed to recoil from being touched. He was a violent video game player and went to shooting ranges with his mother, but hardly showed signs of dangerous behavior. Adam Lanza was born in New Hampshire on April 22, 1992 to Peter and Nancy Lanza. He had an older brother, Ryan, and together they lived on land owned by Nancy’s family. Ever since he was young, Adam was said to have struggled in social situations. In kindergarten, he was identified as needing an “individual education plan” as well extra attention both in the classroom and at home, according to Marvin LaFontaine, who met Nancy when their sons were in Cub Scouts together. “There was a shyness and a learning thing,” he told FRONTLINE and The Hartford Courant, “and they were trying to unravel it.” His apparent strides came despite an early diagnosis of sensory integration disorder, a not widely recognized condition that made it difficult for Adam to manage and respond to sights, touch and smell. He also enrolled in the school technology club at the urging of the club’s adviser, Richard Novia. “Adam had episodes where he would completely withdraw,” Novia remembered. Target practice was an activity Nancy and Peter shared with Adam and Ryan during the boys’ early years in N.H. Shooting “was definitely her outlet,” according to Dan Holmes, a landscaper and friend of Nancy’s. Indeed, from 2010 to 2012, Nancy purchased four firearms, weapons Adam would later use during his rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary. On the morning of Dec. 14, 2012, he entered Nancy’s room and shot her four times in the head while she slept. He then got in the car, and headed for Sandy Hook. Killing 26 students and staff before killing himself.

<h3> Comparison </h3>
